introducing the capsule foreign one task
light by striker this multi-purpose
light can be transformed into four
different types of essential lights and
is arguably the most versatile task
light found on the market today the
capsule itself is a powered LED module
that can be used alone or in
coordination with one of the four
included multifunctional accessories
attach the capsule to the contoured head
strap and it functions as a headlamp
that can rotate 180 degrees to light any
crawl space engine bay or campsite while
keeping both hands-free for use lock the
capsule into the neodymium magnetic base
and you'll be able to rotate in the game
light hands-free in any direction while
it's magnetically attached to a steel
surface or simply resting on
non-magnetic surfaces stick the magnetic
base to the hood of a vehicle to shine
light on an engine bay or rest the
stable base on the bottom of a kitchen
cabinet to shine light upwards when
trying to repair a leaky pipe snap on
the spring steel clip and easily attach
the capsule to a belt pocket backpack or
tactical vest to function as a right
angle work light finally the lanyard
accessory secures the capsule to your
wrist allowing the small capsule shape
to rest comfortably in the palm of your
hand the capsule boasts a large rotary
switch which is centrally located making
it easy to grip twist adjust the light
output with your thumb and forefinger
even when wearing gloves whether you're
a do-it-yourselfer camper of obvious
mechanic or weekend ward the capsule has
the functionality needed for the task at
hand
Streicher providing customers with the
most innovative design solutions since
yes
you